You think I’ll believe you?
Give me the card
Ye Ci
Don’t push me
I’ll say it again
You’re not my match in the slightest
Give it to me
Right now Ye Qi is waiting outside for me
Touch me and see what happens
Wife
Do you remember
You once said we loved each other so deeply
You said you would never betray me
Forgive me this once
Ye Ci
I’m begging you
Spare me
The soft-hearted one is Ye Ci
The vengeful one is Ye Qi Luo
Diệp Kỳ outside is dangerous
Call the police
Arrest me
Right now
Immediately
Get the hell out of my house right now
Your house?
In the divorce agreement
Children
Car
House
All shared assets
belong to me
A scumbag like you
what house do you own?
Ye Ci
Don’t go too far
Duan Xiao Jian
Get out
Take your things and your mistress
Get out of my house!
Out!
You called the police?
You called the police
You’ll never know how your son
really died
Don’t worry
I’ll make sure your wish comes true
So you and Su Man can meet in jail
Still not leaving?
I’ll press another charge on you
Illegal entry
Ye Qi Luo
This isn’t over